How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

I try to make my programs maintainable in that they are easy to understand while putting comments in where needed. I try to make it adaptibale in that the CRUD is easy to use regardless of who is using it as long as they have access. It was especially useful in that many aspects of the dashboard called on the read method in the CRUD so it is used in many diffrent ways from the list of animals to the pie chart provided. The CRUD could also be used to update or delete animals from the database given they where recreted as rescue animals or other aspects might want to be updated or changed.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

I tried to find the base requirments needed for the dashboard to work effectivly. This included having the list of animals be a digestable amount displayed, but also providing all the data to the graph. This also included having easy to sort by options for the desired rescue types, and an easy to use map displaying the selected animal. One thing that I felt needed work was the chart itself, when all animals are displayed it made it hard to understand and read with so many animal breeds listed, even sorted only by dogs it is hard to read. To combat this I made the option to show the top 5, 10, 15, or all the breeds displayed. This was definetly diffrent as creating an etire eteractive dashboard was difficult. I also could learn how to better improve the dashboard by using it in Jupyter Notebooks, also making it diffrent from other projects. In the future I think I would improve the dashboard or other projects by useing aggrigation, that would have been useful in grouping breeds for the pie chart specificly. 

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scientests can create programs and other projects for people and companies. This matters because people need many diffrent things that we can create or help make. Work like this make it easier for people and companies to work and do what they need to do, for example this helped in the need to search for specific animals for search and rescue training. This would be difficult and time consuming to do without a database and a way to sort that database easily. 
